ah
you
life someone's ingenious plan or a
property of substance if we are the
product of something so unexplainable
then why do we exist looking for an
answer we explore the depths of our
imagination enchanted by the ideas we
find we start changing the world
moulding it to fit our greatest visions
in the past we could not even conceive
what existed beneath the ocean's surface
but now we explore the most remote
corners of the universe
we are no longer looking for answers
merely the opportunity to live on there
are too many of us all borders and rules
will be eliminated
a battle for our lives
soon it will become apparent that our
greatest enemy is ourselves
as it unfolds we realize to live on
someone else has to die
so where does this story begin 23:47 ad
an unidentified object is approaching
earth at the H 146 square just north of
station s 35 all attempts to establish
contact are unsuccessful five point
three p.m. the object hovers over an
ancient crash site where a similar
unidentified object has been for two
billion years 5.9 p.m. the object
extracts a crystalline structure from
the wreckage 520 p.m. two fighters are
set to examine the extraction site all
devices are destroyed 553 p.m. the
unidentified object begins to move and
departs from earth 6:20 p.m. the object
is detected near the lunar orbit however
further investigation becomes impossible
due to the object's high speed
two weeks later the death of
microorganisms occurs globally may 23 47
the human population has decreased by 17
percent since the extraction the
government publishes the news of contact
from the unidentified object with hope
that the general public will lead them
to answers August 23 47 professor Edward
Mane's makes a discovery his
calculations show that the structure
taken from the ruins of the old ship
contained radiation which he believes is
a source of life for the earth three
days later
Ming's finds evidence of a similar
source on one of Osiris's moons
September 23 47 the government takes
full control of Mining's as
investigation and sees this as a
historic opportunity to solve the
problem of overpopulation October 1st
23:47 the operation all-seeing eye is
launched by operation commander Colonel
Ray Stevenson
it is a top-secret mission to draw out
the source of life radiation from the
moon bed at 2:00
October 14th 23:47 1.6 p.m.
as part of the initial stages of
operation all-seeing eye lieutenant
Frank Myers enters the territory of the
radar station VR for his task is to
disable the long-distance communications
antenna and destroy professor mains as
documents mang's shows up at the station
unannounced and unauthorized when
lieutenant Meyers is briefed on the
situation he disobeys the orders of Maj
Stevenson and goes rogue in an attempt
to make the information about operation
all-seeing eye public Stevenson begins
to act on a contingency plan and
redirects one of the orbiting
communication satellites in an attempt
to destroy the complex five point five
p.m. just before the explosion
lieutenant Myers and professor mains
escape from the complex October 15th
23:47 went to am
after narrowly avoiding the explosion
Myers joins a prison shuttle crew to
follow Stephenson in hopes to put an end
to operation all-seeing eye possible
motives shut down operation all-seeing
eye and to stop the elimination of
humanity